What is it?
=====

Kolob is a web app for recording LDS temple work done for our ancestors.

Can you tell me more?
=====

First of all, this project is in no way sponsored by or is an official project
of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. It's just me doing
something fun and useful.

Ok, here's some background. Genealogy is huge. People love finding out about
who their ancestors are, where they come from, and what stories accompany the
people that ultimatley make up who they are. Many of these people have passed
on without a chance to hear the gospel of Jesus Christ. However, they have the
opportunity to learn about our Savior in the life after death and, if they so
choose, accept Him. Part of that plan is making covenants (two-way promises)
with God, where we can commit to Him that we are willing to keep certain
commandments and, in turn, He promises us certain blessings, and ultimately
those blessings lead to living with Him and with our families for ever. Many
of these covenants are made within special buildings called temples, and the
events where we make those convenants are called ordinances. As members of the
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints we seek out our ancestors so that
we can perform these ordinances in place of those who died without having a
chance to do it for themselves. God loves all his children, and it only makes
sense that He would provide a way for everyone to benefit from these
blessings.

Many of them are on the other side waiting. It's up to us to get to work and
help them.

See http://lds.org and http://familysearch.org for the bigger picture.

So what do I do with this?
=====

Once the temple ordinances are done for your ancestors, the ordinances are
recorded and eventually show up in your family tree on
http://familysearch.org. While it is a policy not to keep track of who attends
the temple, our ward (LDS church group) thought it would be a good idea to
keep track of what ancestors had what work done. It's interesting for us to
look at that group of people as sort of a sister ward of ours here. This is
certainly not church doctrine, but it's fun for us, and even motivational, to
see the people that we, as a group, have provided these opportunities for.
That's what Kolob does. It allows you, as a ward, to track the "celestial
ward" that you are building.

What are the plans for the future?
=====

* There is a branch that allows an entire stake (collection of wards) to
contribute, and it keeps track per-ward. Currently there's no migration from
the ward-only database to the stake database. I need to look into that.
